Fix typos (#381)
gbdev/pandocs: src/OAM.md

Y = Sprite's vertical position on the screen + 16. So for example,
Y=0 hides a sprite,

> Y=2 hides an 8x8 sprite but displays the last two rows of an 8x16 sprite,

Reviewer: While we're at this,
```suggestion
Y=2 hides an 8×8 sprite but displays the last two rows of an 8×16 sprite,
```

Y=16 displays a sprite at the top of the screen,

> Y=144 displays an 8x16 sprite aligned with the bottom of the screen,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Y=144 displays an 8×16 sprite aligned with the bottom of the screen,
```

> Y=152 displays an 8x8 sprite aligned with the bottom of the screen,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Y=152 displays an 8×8 sprite aligned with the bottom of the screen,
```
